It's easy to lose track of everything that's going on - when trying to focus on a single detail.

There was no peace - no quiet - in was 24/7 - pain and violence, mutilation and beatings, rape and murder, extortion and death threats.

Every word - no matter how impulsive - no matter how idiotic or insane it seemed on the surface - every word uttered was crafted to cause as much pain and suffering as possible.

I was held for 18 months - 540 days - Rosanne's pathological need to complete her Kitchen Ritual - meant 280 confrontations in Rosanne's kitchen - only her and I and only hours after Larry went to bed.

150 of them occurred after Dustin flew to Australia in Oct 2018.

Rosanne had stopped all food and money in July.  Without food and my medication - I died faster and faster - losing 1/3 of my body weight, developing seizures etc.

I asked, more than 150 times, for basic hygiene products - soap and such.  What little I could scavenge for Larry - went to food - I had nothing for myself.

The more of my body that died and wasted away - the more I smelled like decomp - like garbage - just like when I was a child.

Once Dustin was gone, once Rosanne and Wilhelmina could screech at each other without fear of him or Sarah hearing - the topic of my smell came up every day.

Dennis and Tammy just stared at their plates while Wilhelmina screamed that Rosanne was a failure and an embarassment because she couldn't make Jeffrey do one simple thing.

Wilhelmina, screaming every errand I had ever run - screaming at Rosanne every day - "Why don't you make him do X ?  He use to do X.  Make him do X"

Rosanne knew - Wilhelmina knew - I was not allowed to have money - not allowed to go to town where I could get food or help.  I was being held - literally - in Beach Meadows - not allowed out of the community.

Rosanne screeched and screamed and shrieked every night from October 2018 to April 2019, only at Wilhelmina's, only in front of Dennis and Tammy :

"Look at him.  Look at how he dresses.  Look at him - he's too disgusting to run my errands.  Smell him - he's too disgusting to go to town.  It's too embarassing to have people know he lives in my house smelling like that."

This - like all of Rosanne's murders and tortures - is based on my terminal medical issues - the medical issues she helped starve and beat into me as a child.
